Course improvements (#11)
vtex-apps/store-block-course: course/steps/08_react-apollo/en.md

    ```diff
    // react/Countdown.tsx
    import React from 'react'
    ...
    +import { useQuery } from 'react-apollo'

    +import useProduct from 'vtex.product-context/useProduct'

    +import productReleaseDate from './queries/productReleaseDate.graphql'
    ```
    > It is important to higlight that there is the possibility of your IDE showing an error while importing `product-context`.

> 4.  Define the query using the `productReleaseDate` importaded and the `useQuery`, using the `useProduct()` data. As mentioned before, both are  hooks, which means that they must be added inside a React functional component. In this case, `Countdown`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  Define the query using the `productReleaseDate` imported and the `useQuery` hook, you can find the product data in `useProduct` hook. Since they are (hooks)[https://reactjs.org/docs/hooks-intro.html], they only work inside react functional components. 
```
